gangs Mercer has two european poker tour
titles raised a 1700 a reminder this is
a shootout format the goal is to win
your table which earns you 75 thousand
dollars and a spot at the final table
Matt Glantz showed us a seven and he's
got something else we know it's good
enough to make the call over to
moneymaker ace king of clubs in the big
blind Chris would just love to put
another big title on to his resume Chris
with two players already in the pot
re-raise the 4100 in 35 catches first
year with the king's Mon moves all in he
has both glance and moneymaker covered
glance folds uncle and a call from
moneymaker moneymaker at risk and behind
he started the hand with almost 40 big
blinds and it looks like a skank soon it
might be his last hand Jason Murphy are
in position to collect money makers
bounty as moneymaker exits the scene you
should have to stay at the table brett
favre doesn't he one up for grabs and
run to the sideline and drink some
gatorade while waiting to see if it's
intercepted all right here we go Chris
Moneymaker awaiting his fate maybe it's
time for him to find a new line of work
if he can't watch all and flops the flop
is 10 trade jack to clubs Wow moneymaker
now favored with a royal flush draw and
one over card moneymaker might win the
hand now what he's gonna be out
wandering the strip when he hits his
royal flush in a moment haha turn card
eight of Spades mercy or dodges trouble
he's now favored to knock out moneymaker
well Chris now should be halfway to his
car because he is about to lose his hand
river card queen of clubs are you
getting a Royal Flush for Chris
Moneymaker you're gonna win that's how
you win no you stay at the table and
watch your faith that's how you win the
mercy ER takes it quietly what a hand
for money maker he sticks around by
making a royal flush i miss my
daughter's birthday to be here so i told
her i was going to win two feet rude
he's on the right path